today in the case of activision vs
infinity ward the jury finds the clients
ridiculous this is checkpoint
welcome to checkpoint the show with
fifteen percent more checkpoints than
the leading news source only fifteen
percent I don't know Microsoft's new
connect SDK 1.5 includes an improvement
to the system's pattern recognition that
can see you when you're sitting down now
you can do that thing they showed people
doing in the teaser video this thing now
you don't have to stand to navigate the
menus on you oh wait the controller
right the ongoing slinging between
Silicon Knights and epic games over
whose fault it was that two humans
sucked so bad continues turns out
Silicon Knights failed to state exactly
how much money they're suing epic for
because of this oversight a judge has
ruled that if they win Silicon Knights
will be eligible to receive damages
amounting to one dollar seems about
right for two human trion worlds is
working on a new sci-fi MMO and
collaborating with cable network sci fi
on a new TV series that are actually the
same thing defiance the name of both the
game and the show will develop together
the game's plot revealed through the TV
show and the show's story being
continuously affected by players in-game
actions this sounds like it would be an
amazing idea if it wasn't such a
terrible idea hey guys what are two
notoriously risky entertainment genres
sci-fi television and mmos sweet let's
combine them a patch to fix some
infinite combo glitches and street
fighter cross tekken has done just that
but also introduced wholly new much
worse problems now when a knife like
projectile collides with a fireball
something that seems fairly common in
this universe the game hard freezes and
shuts down the patch to fix the previous
patch will be out mid June so look
forward to that iOS swipe fest Infinity
Blade 2 is getting a DLC update
cheerfully titled the vault of Tears it
adds the social media interaction of
sending out a battle cry to Facebook or
Twitter and depending on the power of
the resulting likes your in-game power
is also increased epic games we're
innovating bold new ways to get yourself
unfriended in record time you know what
checkpoint viewers just can't get enough
of when we wear low-cut shirts on camera
detailed financial coverage Oh so to
catch up on all the latest news from the
Division Infinity Ward lawsuit here's
Paul Thank You Kathleen I think now that
it's finally ramping up the
long-gestating Activision Infinity Ward
lawsuit is beginning to bring all sorts
of interesting previously secret
information to light first up the
obvious turns out most of infinity
ward's developers stuck with the team
that made them filthy rich 18 out of the
21 highest-paid studio staff members all
of whom earn bonuses and more than 1
million dollars each in 2010 are now
working at jason west and vince
impellers new studio respawn
entertainment speaking of money
Activision wasn't terribly pleased that
the idea of paying out all those bonuses
in 2009 email Activision executive Mike
Griffith complained we are paying way
too many people way too much we need to
find a way to put caps on our bonus
payouts unfortunately for Activision
that didn't go so well when Weston's
impellor were fired they were set to
receive 13 million dollars each and
bonuses maybe they should have fired the
executive ultimately responsible for
signing those deals oh wait but possibly
the most interesting and certainly the
most important thing to come out of the
trial is an agreement Activision hazard
Bungie according to a newly revealed
contract Bungie has agreed to produce a
series of four sci-fi shooter games man
but during that time Bungie can have up
to five percent of its staff working on
a new game called marathon haha now if
you'll excuse me I need to change my
pants they're a little sticky gross
Thank You Paulie I guess great what did
you think of all that huh I I also need
to go change my pants I spilled
something in them on them on them
marathon
coming up 4.7 million players tried to
connect to the a blow 3 on launch day pc
gaming sure is dead huh